(upbeat music)
(door opens)
- Do you know what time it is?
- Do you know what it is?
- It's unbelievable, isn't it?
It's half wooden in the morning.
Someone can do something.
- Perfect, I can't.
- Pack it in.
- Go, please.
(dramatic music)
(door closes)
(audience laughs)
(door opens)
(door closes)
(audience laughs)
- Get off my car!
- Sorry.
Sorry.
(audience laughs)
- Oh!
- Oh, nasty.
You must have had a reaction to the white portfolio.
- You do understand why I have to, though.
- Yeah, because Frankenstein is the doctor.
- He is the doctor.
- Yeah.
- The monster is the monster, but Dr. Frankenstein is the man who created it.
- Everything has to be right with you, hasn't it?
- What are you chatting about?
Something fun?
- Oh!
(audience laughs)
- Can I be part of this fudg chat?
- All right, calm down.
I didn't know it was ready.
- I mean, shut up, I can't hear you over the fryer.
- Yes, because you're having a chatty party with Mr. Winkey.
(audience laughs)
- Perhaps you could get a little bell?
- What did you say?
- Just...
- Perhaps you could get a little bell.
(audience laughs)
- A little bell.
- Yes.
That is what you are saying to me.
(audience laughs)
- That is your suggestion.
A little bell.
(audience laughs)
- Yes.
- I'm sorry.
(audience laughs)
- Don't be a fantastic idea.
It is.
It's fantastic.
- Oh.
Actually, also.
- No more tips on how to run my business.
(audience laughs)
- Right.
You got lucky with a little bell, of course.
(audience laughs)
- What is wrong with your face?
Are you doing a pirate?
- He had a run name with Frankenstein.
- Frankenstein, is that the pirate?
(audience laughs)
- Michael!
(door slams)
(audience laughs)
- Why didn't he you?
- No.
- I did allergic reaction to windscreen wiper fluid.
- What you drinking that for?
(audience laughs)
- Are you drowning your sorrows?
- No.
- It's a slippery slope, that Michael,
won't you start with us?
- Oh, there you are, snarched.
- What happened?
- It's been drinking wiper fluid.
(audience laughs)
- That's just slippery slope, moment four.
- So what I have you sold in, he will listen.
- I have not a wiper fluid alcoholic.
- Well, let's just admit you have a problem.
I don't have a problem.
- He's doing a pirate.
- I am not doing a pirate.
- The great pirate Frankenstein.
(audience laughs)
- Frankenstein wasn't a pirate.
It was a big monster with a boat and his neck.
- No, he was a doctor.
(audience laughs)
- Oh, what?
Wouldn't want him telling me I was pregnant.
(audience laughs)
- You two have some funny ideas, Michael.
- Morning, morning.
- Morning.
- What do you think you do in?
- See, then, I give them permission.
- Why?
- Publicity, it can't hurt.
- Exactly, the sort of small local business that my party
is supporting.
Mr. bullet, bullet, hello.
- Hello.
- Has built a thriving business.
This is the message we're trying to get across.
We can do anything.
(audience laughs)
- I'll have the full English, please.
- Or should I say the full Turkish?
(audience laughs)
- What, then, a muting statement?
- Hey, are you?
I've got a bonj of pick with you.
- Oh, yes.
- When are you going to do something about that noise at night?
Bloody road works, keeping me awake till all hours?
- Well, if there's a problem, let's work together
to sort it out.
We can do anything.
- Well, do you assume it about it?
- If I get one, I'm terrible trouble getting back to sleep again.
And if I do way of nightmares, I had one last night.
I was up at three, and a witch was climbing up after me.
Oh, it was horrible.
In the end, I have to kick her in the face.
(audience laughs)
But it didn't matter.
She used to come in and come in.
(audience laughs)
Thank goodness.
I turned into a bird and flew away.
(audience laughs)
- What are you going to do about that one?
- Well, I'm not sure there's much I can do in this particular case.
- Oh, for ever to say why not?
(audience laughs)
Because I can't control dreams.
- Is it your body first though?
Clearly it's the thing we can do anything.
(audience laughs)
- Yes, but it's, shouldn't it surely say we can do certain things?
- No, it's, can you do anything?
- Well, well, I think I do anything.
- Can you do anything?
(audience laughs)
- I'm getting you the word I think.
- Can you do anything?
- It's hardly reason.
- Can you do anything else on the question?
(audience laughs)
- I think we need to move on.
Thank you very much.
- Yes.
- Thank you.
- For your questions.
(audience laughs)
- Well, you and Charlie Martha,
they're what to say, didn't he?
- He's only running 'cause he wants to be an MP one day.
He doesn't have any interest in this area.
- Yeah, politics.
It's all nonsense, isn't it?
- Oh, that's not a good answer.
Do you ever imagine if everyone felt like that?
- Everyone does feel like that.
- You really were against us, no where.
Politics is too important to be left to politicians, Arthur.
- No, you have to get involved.
People power.
- What are you talking about?
- I'm talking about our civic duty.
Our duty to stand up and be counted.
- So what you're saying is you think Arthur
should run for local elections.
- Oh, dear Lord, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
- It's very kind of a Michael, but that's simply not possible.
- I'm not suggesting it.
- It's no good leave-in politics to the politicians, Arthur.
- Nope, they're the ones who know what they're doing.
- I must say, I do find your proposal tempting, though, Michael.
- No proposal, proper posing, really,
really don't think you should do it.
- No, but I've just got far too much on at the moment.
- Thank God.
- I appreciate that, Michael.
Nice to know you have faith in me.
- I'm not going to do it.
(audience laughing)
- Oh, God, well, no, no, cry it out loud.
(grunting)
- Will you shut up?
I tell you you can push someone just so far.
- I'll do again.
- I don't really know you, not.
I've got to stop to this.
In fact, I would like to take this occasion
to officially announce my running for election.
Now I will see what's what.
(audience laughing)
- Well done, Nikki.
They'll have to take us seriously, now.
Right then, that's the sign, just don't.
Now we'll have a think tank to form the policies
for our manifesto.
I want this to be an open forum,
so come on, people.
Ideas, you're always much a part of this as I am.
- Well, I would get the ball rolling.
National hat allowance.
- What's that?
- Just that everybody gets a small payment
towards their hat budget.
- Where we going ever?
- Yeah, budget.
- Stop thinking about yourself, John.
- We're all in it together.
(audience laughing)
- That's a coach.
Three glasses.
The expensive ones that do, that the won't let you touch.
Three expensive glasses.
- For everybody, Arthur?
- No, just me, I mean, yes.
(audience laughing)
Michael, I owe you a great desk of thanks.
May the country owe you a great desk of thanks?
- No, you've done this was not my idea.
Whatever is about to happen is not my fault.
- If it's a fact, there won't be can happen.
I used to box in the army, you know.
- I didn't know that, Arthur.
- Oh, yes, I can.
I had good early for him, but no stamina.
So if I didn't win the fight immediately,
I was as good as dead.
(audience laughing)
It's their self-same qualities.
I want to bring to this fight.
(audience laughing)
These signs are all spelled wrong.
They're all spelled wrong.
Every single one of them, hands of our pensions.
(audience laughing)
You do realize that means less than nothing.
That means that pensions have hands.
That's spotted, Michael.
You can be head of communications.
- No, I cannot, but I won't just do this one sign.
You cannot go out with this sign looking like that.
- He's like the signs, mom.
Michael, is head of communications.
- Oh, I am not.
- Oh, be there head of communications.
- What?
- You're joking.
You imagine what Arthur would be like with any power.
- Well, he's not likely to win, is he?
- But anybody else got any ideas.
Come on, people.
- This is supposed to be a fish tank.
(audience laughing)
- We need to ban eggs.
- Oh, well, yes, Eggie.
- Yes, Eggie, but we have to tread carefully there.
That is a much more controversial issue
than me getting a new hat and glasses.
(audience laughing)
We don't want to scare off the voting floater.
But listen, we need something else,
something that will really woo the electricians.
(audience laughing)
The electorate.
- Yes, exactly.
Something to woo the expexor.
(audience laughing)
A phrase that would have really stick in people's minds
like we're on to you.
(audience laughing)
That sounds threatening.
- Do you like this?
- Yes.
- What you need to focus on is something they don't do
at listening.
That's the problem with politicians.
They don't listen.
So how about we're listening?
Brilliant, that's it.
We're listening.
Good idea, Michael.
- Oh, well, that's why I'm your head of communications.
- Right, now let's talk about me getting a new patio.
(audience laughing)
- Well, what we really need around here is a lot more.
- Excuse me.
I actually hadn't finished.
Let me get a word in.
I mean, that is why our message to you is we're listening.
I'm with that in mind.
Could I count on your support for the upcoming thing that's coming up?
It's not a difficult word.
It's just jumped up my head.
You know, everyone, you know,
you put your mark on a piece of paper.
Oh, you know, then they count them.
And one person becomes a kind of king.
Oh, tell you what to do.
What is the word?
- I'm sorry.
I don't know.
- Oh, you'd know.
- Eggy.
What's the word for the thing I'm doing?
- Can we sing?
- No, the thing it's all for.
- I think it's all for.
- Yes.
- Oh, come on, you know.
- The thing that happens at the end.
- At the end.
- Yes.
- Elections.
(audience laughing)
- So, can we count on your support?
- Yeah.
(audience laughing)
- No, you'll be speak.
- Never in the field.
- I'm a human convict.
- I believe this passionately.
Have I stood before you?
- Well, a clear mandate.
- I don't think I said to you in blackpool.
- We are all in this together.
- And there are some tough choices to be made.
(audience laughing)
- But you know, she really was the papers princess.
- And if elected, I promise, I would represent you fully
in getting all this noise stopped from the roadworks
that wake him up all night long.
(audience laughing)
- Yes.
It's my solemn pledge to you.
- Security, security, in Britain's future.
(audience laughing)
- Time to roll up our sleeves.
You don't need an apostrophe on a plural.
(audience laughing)
- This is our fight, don't you kidding me?
- More important on that.
I want you to get the way here.
We're not going anywhere.
And we're listening.
I'm sorry, I'm not answering any questions.
I've got to go somewhere.
(audience laughing)
- Whoa, honey, I'm sure you have all agreed.
- So, why you had a security?
Why, what are your credentials?
- Marker Dainchos.
20 years ago, our form partners are currently
taking the princess Michael of Kenya.
(audience laughing)
- One day she was shopping in Harrods,
and a man approached her.
He reached for his jacket pocket, and...
- I'm waiting here.
- I'll still pull the shine today.
I ran away.
(audience laughing)
You ran away.
- Yeah, I'll panic.
- Where did he go?
- I'll hit him in Donald's.
(audience laughing)
- Right.
They're not really credentials.
(audience laughing)
- I don't understand what you mean.
- Just...
We're listening to us.
- See you.
- But I'm not saying anything.
- Well, you ought to say something,
because if you do, I'd be here listening to it.
- Or what kind of thing?
- Well, I don't know.
Something about crime.
- What about crime?
- What are you asking, Mayful?
- I'm the one that's listening.
- Of your setup.
(audience laughing)
- Actually, can I use you to join us?
(gunshot)
- Put the owners on, decided.
- Right, come on, let's go to the next one.
- We should go round Arthur.
- We'll go in this way.
- Who'd a bush?
- We should just go round.
- Not going all the way down there.
- Then all the way back up here.
- Just go straight.
- How can't guarantee you're shiny
if you go through the bush?
- Oh, come on, John.
I know you take a bullet for me,
but you can't hold my hand in every situation.
I'm a man of the people.
(audience laughing)
- Hey.
(gunshot)
(audience laughing)
- Can I use your toilet?
Put the next door down as undecided as well.
- She seemed pretty decided.
- I think the problem, Arthur,
is that you're coming across less as a politician
and more as a strange crawling toilet hedgeman.
- Yeah, of course.
So you're not really listening to people.
I was shot up, will ya?
Someone's coming.
- Right, I'm leaving.
(audience laughing)
- What's up, correct, to these signs?
- Well, good afternoon.
Would you like to vote for me
because if you would,
I would be prepared to listen to you.
- Well, I'm standing on a bipartisan platform.
(audience laughing)
And if elected, I would work very hard for you
and your fellow, um,
throw the tear out.
- What would you do then?
- I'm glad you asked me then.
First thing at the very top of my agenda
on day one would be to allow betting in cafes.
- Huh.
I like the sound of that.
- I like the be-off that--
- What did you say?
You're interested.
- I'm very interested.
I've never been able to understand why that's illegal.
- Wonderful.
But perhaps you'd like to sign here
and become a member of our mailing group.
- And we're going to ban eggs.
- Well, if you're shaky, stop saying that.
- You're gonna ban eggs.
- What my minister for--
(audience laughing)
- What are you minister of?
- Health, sir.
What my minister for health means is that eggs
will be placed under review.
We plan to have a referendum.
- Why?
- Uh...
- Hitler, eight eggs.
- Shush-ecky.
So, can we count on your support?
- I was getting rid of eggs.
- A lie, cakes.
- Ha-ha!
Who doesn't like eggs?
- I don't.
- They're delicious.
- Are you a real minister, just say--
- Not my health, minister.
- What?
- Yes, I am.
- No, you're not.
I've changed it.
You can be minister for law of an island.
- Sorry, I need to think about this.
I'd like to put bets on in cafes,
but not if there's no eggs.
Good luck to you.
- Eggy, stop talking about Hitler.
At least until we're re-elected.
(audience laughing)
- What?
- Oh, no, no.
- Uh...
- Hello?
- Listen.
Listen to this.
Come over, Michael.
I know you're why this fight is so important.
- No, it's all very important.
- Michael, get yourself over here right now.
We need to talk about strategy.
- Come on, you get, Chris.
(audience laughing)
As soon as I'm in power, I'll be coming for you.
Whoever you are.
- Please, please, please shut up.
- Yeah, that's the voice of the people
who are telling you to shut up.
- Oh, that's the...
Arthur, hello, Michael.
Who are you shouting at?
The nightmare is of it.
What is?
The road works.
There aren't any road works.
- What?
- There aren't any road works.
- What's everyone complaining about them?
- You.
They're complaining about you, shouting.
I think you might have tinnitus Arthur.
Dad had it.
It gets worse when it's quiet, hence the road works.
- So you're saying my whole campaign is based on
imaginary road works.
Maybe it was the boxing, didn't you say you used to box?
- I did.
That was my best fight.
I lasted four seconds.
(audience laughing)
I trained myself to get the first punch in
as soon as the fight started.
- So Mr. Rida, was as good as Dad?
No, it's happening again.
Yeah, I'm just one of life's loses, Michael.
- Arthur, come on.
- Don't be like that.
- Maybe you didn't have the stamina to be a boxer
and maybe you're too impatient and annoying
to be a good politician.
But...
- Ew.
- No, I don't think there's a positive way to win that sentence.
(audience laughing)
- Look, for the minute, what...
Why don't we just imagine that I've made a rousing
and reassuring speech that makes you feel like
everything's gonna be okay?
- I won't imagine that.
(audience laughing)
- Thank you, Michael.
The words I imagined you were saying have touched me deeply.
- Please, it really was the least I could do.
- You've always believed in me, Michael.
- No, I haven't.
(audience laughing)
But as long as you never have any real power
or any degree of responsibility over people's lives,
I am proud to be on your team.
(audience laughing)
- What are you doing?
- Again, Kevin, with the idea of poems and warm stuff
and being used to watch out the citizens.
(audience laughing)
- I don't think that's a good idea, Ragi.
- Is he not?
Too late now, anyway.
(audience laughing)
- It was what he's doing, Michael.
It's the minutes of the help.
- You're the an island.
(audience laughing)
- And he was head of security,
and so that constitutes an assault.
- Hey!
- What?
- What is this?
(audience laughing)
- It's not very...
- A tiny bell, you said.
- Why didn't I talk?
- What happened to the hell?
It was a terrible idea.
Don't know what thing you advice from customers
about my business.
- No more ideas from you.
Terrible idea, man.
(audience laughing)
- Can maybe a bigger bell?
- That's brilliant.
(audience laughing)
- Is that better?
Are you talking?
(audience laughing)
- Again, he's completely deaf.
- You can't hear the bloody thing.
(audience laughing)
He can't run a campaign like this.
But just wiggy Arthur, you'll be fine.
Agree with everyone.
(audience laughing)
- Are you talking now?
- And they put all the rubbish out on the street.
Don't even sort it out properly,
and it's not even on the right days.
(audience laughing)
- And you've finished now.
I could tell you quite sincerely, when listening.
(audience laughing)
- Thank you.
To be honest, I couldn't understand
what he was saying to me the last time,
but it's like speaking to a completely different person.
(audience laughing)
I think he really understands our concerns.
- That's the 11th house that's given it yet.
- Ever since you started green with everybody,
he's gone crazy.
- He's only agreeing with everybody,
'cause he can't hear the voice.
'Cause he can't hear them.
You can't be that simple, can he?
You can't just get into power,
because you've lost your hearing, can you?
(audience laughing)
So, what's happening?
No, we need it now, go and get it.
- Should I be worrying about this strong chap?
No.
- You know he's the fellow from the cafe.
- What? The pound shop Paxman was.
- Press, I still have your field day with it.
- Maybe we should have a rematch.
(audience laughing)
- That's not a bad idea.
- It's for you.
- Hello?
- Mr. Strong.
- I'm calling on behalf of Mr. Cooling.
- I thought you and him
might like to have another little chin wag.
- A little one there.
(audience laughing)
- Hang up on me.
- I can scared.
Make sure the camera's there.
I'll wipe the floor with him.
- All right, dude.
- Who are all these people?
- Well, in tears,
they just started turning up.
Our message is really hitting home.
- What message?
There is no message.
- We're listening, isn't that the message?
- He's deaf.
(audience laughing)
- What is this?
- Can you get off me?
This is all my fault.
I should never have made him imagine that speech.
I've created a monster.
- Like Frankenstein.
- This is like Frankenstein.
- No, you're like Frankenstein.
- Oh, yes, sorry, yes, yes, yes.
- Michael, hi.
- I thought this has gone far enough.
- I certainly do.
(audience laughing)
I think you should withdraw from the election.
- That means a lot.
You've always believed in me, Michael.
- I have never believed in me.
- I do, hope so.
(audience laughing)
Okay, okay, guys, settle down.
In fact, you were saying anything.
(audience laughing)
Few more weekends been.
Thanks to you guys, I've closer than I've ever been
to getting a free hat and glasses.
(audience cheering)
But there's still work to be done.
Remember, we need to concentrate on the issues.
- What is you?
What is you?
- Yes, no issue.
- Take it to the gentlemen by director of communications.
(audience cheering)
- Arthur should not be running.
He is completely deaf, and he doesn't know what's happening.
(audience laughing)
If he is elected, it will be a disaster for this community.
- Listen to this guy, he knows what he's talking about.
(audience laughing)
Please, please, he must be stopped before this goes any further.
(audience cheering)
Why is there a one of these things to me?
I'm so excited for all of us!
(audience laughing)
- Ah ha, see, Nem!
Look at this bad boy.
I'm happy from this, it's all over.
(audience laughing)
- What are you doing now?
Put it in some lemon juice to neutralise the washing up liquid.
- Does that matter work?
- I think so.
Too late now, anyway.
(audience laughing)
- That was the hearing now, Arthur.
Give it a minute, I gave only just a part of this stuff.
- Oh, I love that!
(audience laughing)
- The hearing's coming back.
(audience cheering)
- Give me my chances.
- It's the strong we meet again.
I hear you've been troubling me in the polls.
- Would it be us out?
- No!
- May the best man win.
- Oh, go on, bud.
(snapping)
- So, you're not helping anymore.
- No, no, don't like the way things are going.
- The sign quality has gone down again.
- Oh, Eggie, are you all right?
No, no, they're on the road.
I will have nothing to do with dangerous novelty politics.
- Finally, the one-off payment for those desperate
for new pouty-ers.
- That's amazing.
- Oh, hey, this will be a bit of fun.
- How about he takes a shot of the two of us
squaring up to each other?
- Yeah? Come on, Mrs. Poem, put 'em up.
(buzzer)
(bell ringing)
(audience laughing)
- Okay, let's go.
- We are here, Poem, please.
- Have some demarcus!
- Hey, well, we're acting for my bro.
(audience laughing)
- Mr. Strong was disqualified from the race
when he violent the attack as rival cantus, JP Kooling.
I run it in his disqualification,
means bad news for the Kooling campaign
with his polling showing him today a win, Jooling.
(audience laughing)
- You do realize you lost, are you?
- Well, I wouldn't say that.
(audience laughing)
I knocked someone out, and it was on the telly.
- By now, we've all seen the video a thousand times,
but does it speak to an even more worrying trend?
The rise of stupidity.
(audience laughing)
I understand that is actually Mr. Strong's head of communications.
- I'm gonna say that was wrong.
(audience laughing)
(upbeat music)
- Film 2015 follows next here on BBC One,
or for the story of the wildest pop music of all time,
head to BBC Four for the Kings of Rock and Roll.
(upbeat music)